xFair in Grading 
Desc: free from bias and according to the grading system

SD - The professor does not base his grades on the student's performance.
D - The professor is biased in grading.
N - The professor is sometimes biased in grading.
A - The professor's grading is greatly dependent on the performance of the student.
SA - The professor strictly bases his grades based on his student's performance.


Clear
desc: clarity in giving lectures with respect to voice projection and flow of discussion

SD - The professor is not able to clearly explain the lessons and leaves the students more confused. 
D - The professor is neither clear not understandable in explaining the lessons.
N - The professor needs to explain the lessons further for the students to understand better.
A - The professor is able to clearly explain the lessons in an understandable manner.
SA - The professor is able to focus on explaining and making the students understand the important parts of the lessons. 

Knowledgeable
desc: mastery of the subject

SD - The professor has no mastery in teaching the subject.
D - The professor has little mastery on the subject being taught.
N - The professor fairly mastered the subject.
A - The professor mastered the subject being taught.
SA - The professor mastered the subject and gives additional and updated information to the students.

Engaging
desc: encourages class interaction and participation 

SD - The professor does not engage the students in class discussions.
D - The professor sometimes engage the students into class discussions.
N - The professor encourages the students to engage in class discussions often.
A - The professor provides a conducive learning atmosphere for the students.
SA - The professor always makes the learning atmosphere enjoyable and encourages the class to be interactive.

Fair on Workload
desc: heaviness or lightness of requirements are reasonable with respect to time

SD - The professor gives unreasonable amount of projects and quizzes to be done in a short time.
D - The professor gives a lot of projects and quizzes.
N - The professor gives enough projects and quizzes.
A - The professor gives a fair amount of projects and quizzes.
SA - The professor gives reasonable amount of projects and quizzes to be done to be done in enough time.

Considerate
desc: the level of strictness and empathy

SD - The professor is strict and does not excuse students.
D -  The professor is strict but allows students to be excused for valid reasons approved by the school administration.
N -  The professor sees the effort of the student but follows school policies in excusing students.
A - The professor acknowledges the efforts given by the student.
SA - The professor considers the efforts given by the student.

Approachable
desc: the easiness to talk with or ask questions

SD - The professor has an intimidating aura.
D - The professor is a little intimidating.
N - The professor is neither intimidating nor welcoming.
A - The professor is welcoming.
SA - The professor is very welcoming.

